Create a game requiring While and If/ElIF Loops as well as random numbers
"Game gives options to the user like:                                                                                                                                     A. Drink from your canteen.
B. Ahead moderate speed.
C. Ahead full speed.
D. Stop for the night.
E. Status check.
Q. Quit."
Game imports the random library to the program and uses a random number to determine how much closer the natives should get after resting for the night (or some similar situation), generating a random chance event like finding an oasis, etc. 
"Game tracks at least five variables such as:                                                                                                                          miles_traveled 
thirst 
camel_tiredness 
distance_natives_traveled 
drinks_in_canteen        "
Game allows the user to Quit - stops giving multiple choice answers and prints that the user has quit
Game allows the user to check their status and prints the status of the variables for the game
Game should allow the user to drink only 3 times from a canteen - or similar situation and print an error if user is out of drinks
Game tracks users thirst (or something similar). If user's thirst level is 4 or more, the game will say "You are thirsty". If the thirst level is 6 or more, the game will say "You died of thirst" and end.
Game tracks users camel tiredness (or something silmilar). If camel's tiredness 5 or more, the game will tell the user the camel is tired. If the camel's tiredness is greater than 8 the game will say the camel died and will end. 
The game should not tell you "Your camel is getting tired" after you already died of thirst.
If natives distance is equal to or greather than your distance, game should say "The natives have caught up with you! You lose" stop
If natives are less than 15 miles away, the game should say "The natives are close!"
If you travel more than 200 miles before dying, the game should say, you won! and stop.
Create a 1 in 20 chance that you have found an oasis - Print that the user found it, refill the canteen, reset player thirst, and rest the camel.